# WeatherMonitorSys
To realize the vision of Internet-of-Things (IoT), numerous IoT devices have been developed for improving daily lives. The model proposed in our project is an innovative method for tracking the climatic conditions for a specific place. IoT " Internet of Things" is the concept that’s being used here. It's an innovative & effective way to link to the internet and join the entire universe of things on the network. In today’s world IoE or Internet of Everything is ruling almost all industries. IoE provides solutions to various real-life problems using wireless devices and by transferring the data over the network wirelessly. It has now become possible to merge the concept of lot with other domains like Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Cyber Security etc. Our System is a IOT-based Weather Monitoring & Prediction System. Here the combination of IoT & ML concepts have been used.
Future technology is to bind the whole world in one place. It is possible to link all objects, items and sensors to transfer the information obtained at different places & process / analysis data to organize applications such as traffic signaling, mobile health tracking in medical use and methods of industrial protection, etc. IOT provides a large range of interface communication with different protocols and different application properties to receive the maximum user interaction. Climate monitoring is important to maintain good crop growth, to ensure safe industrial working conditions etc.
